# MSMC Transport Carrier // 2.21.5014u
The squad is currently en-route to the war torn exoplanet known as **EPSILON-6**. After their most recent contact with MSMC HQ, the squad has received direct orders to extract stranded MSMC legal representatives on the desert planet after a negotiation with Harrison Armory has gone south, way south. 

You are all part of a well oiled machine, but your numbers don't allow all of you to deploy at once. Your pilot and fellow Lancer, **SISYPHUS**, can only manage so much raw tonnage at once, which is why you'll all be orbital dropped near the extraction area. Conveniently, there's two detachments of MSMC legal stranded on the planet, so you'll be separated until extraction. One detachment of you will be dropped near the now abandoned town of Abu-Qir, you will be charged with protecting all MSMC legal representatives until the ship NHP can get close enough for safe extraction. The opfor is a mix of local Harrison Armory colonial legionnaires and a rival mercenary group, we don't know their exact makeup, so be on the lookout Lancers, and keep our suits safe and sound. 

# MSMC Transport Carrier: Drop Bay #1 // 2.21.5014u

Detachment Alpha (**SISYPHUS, REAPER LEVIATHAN, MEDUSA, WILDCARD**) will be dropping into the AOR and protecting MSMC legal at all costs until extraction is viable. Don't worry about damage to your mechs, this will be the only mission you're taking today, the ship mechanics will have your chassis up and running again in no time. Although, if you do rough your mech up badly enough, consider buying **KRAKEN** a drink as an apology for the extra work you gave them. After securing the AOR, be prepared for the opfor at any moment, they were last detected three clicks away. Once the dropship reaches the extraction point, the ship NHP, **VALKYRIE**, will deploy a viral logic suite to all mechs in the area. Don't worry, you'll be safe, but anything with a hash different than the squad's will be overloaded with memetic stress to the point of shutdown. Use this time to get the fuck out of there with legal in tow.

# MSMC Shuttle Carrier // 3.18.5014u

Detachment Beta will drop in from high altitude via dropship into the town of Nahr-Hashir and escort the APC carrying MSMC legal representatives to the LZ of their dropship. EXFIL is your top priority, the opfor will have heavy reinforcements coming in soon after deployment, your saving grace is that they are being delayed by Superstorm Abdul: but be aware that this storm will reach you before they do. If you're caught within, LOS will be severely limited and sensor range will be halved due to fine ferromagnetic particles mixed in with the sand. This town is occupied, so while EXFIL is our top priotity, keep collateral to an absolute minimum. Our boys may be crackshot lawyers, but even they can't justify an entire town of civilians being torn to pieces in crossfire. 

Godspeed Lancers, and good luck.
